Update 'Introduction to Matrix'. (#16)
ruma/ruma.github.io: content/docs/matrix/_index.md

* Yourself: You can run the homeserver software on your own computer.

As a homeserver operator, you can choose your homeserver implementation.
The team that developed Matrix provides an implementation called [Synapse](https://matrix.org/docs/projects/server/synapse).

> [Conduit](conduit.rs) which uses Ruma is another option.

Reviewer: I think we should note that it's experimental. Also link is incomplete.

```suggestion
[Conduit](https://conduit.rs/), which is built on Ruma, is another (experimental) option.
```

      <th>The provider uses…</th>
      <td>Apache, Nginx</td>
      <td>sendmail, postfix</td>
      <td>Conduit, Synapse, Dendrite</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>You use…</th>
      <td>Chrome, Firefox</td>
      <td>Gmail web app, Apple Mail</td>

>       <td>Element, Fractal, Daydream</td>

Reviewer: Not sure whether to mention Daydream (cc @MTRNord). In any case, WeeChat can still be used, there's even a rewrite of the Matrix integration [in Rust](https://github.com/poljar/weechat-matrix-rs).

```suggestion
      <td>Element, Fractal, WeeChat</td>
```

Reviewer 2: Yeah probably daydream isnt something that should be mentioned at this point as development is paused (waiting on dependencies)

Author: 😢

Reviewer 2: I plan to start trying to get druid version updated about next weekend ;) So there will be development in the future
